## Quicksilver Evernote plugin ##

This plugin adds functionality for accessing different aspects of
[Evernote](https://www.evernote.com/) in Quicksilver. Currently, this plugin
requires the Evernote OSX application, but that may change in the future.

Due to the rather lacking AppleScript/Scripting Bridge interface for Evernote,
there are a few caveats in the functionality noted below.

### Catalog ###

The following additions are made to the catalog:

* **Notebooks** - All notebooks in Evernote
* **Notes** - All notes in Evernote. This entry is disabled by default. Beware
  that if you have many notes, the catalog can become large.

Please note that Evernote needs to be running to add new notes and notebooks to
the catalog.

Notes and notebooks are also available if you right arrow into the Evernote
application in Quicksilver.

### Actions ###

The following actions are available:

* **Search For...** - Searches for text in Evernote. This supports [Evernote's
  Search Grammar](http://dev.evernote.com/documentation/cloud/chapters/search_grammar.php).
    This action is only available as an action on the Evernote application.
* **Open Notebook** - Opens a notebook in a new Evernote window.
* **Reveal Notebook** - Opens a notebook in the frontmost Evernote window. Due
  to the Evernote AppleScript interface, this opening is done as a search.
* **Open Note** - Opens a note in a new note window.
* **Reveal Note** - Opens a note in the frontmost Evernote window. Due to the
  Evernote AppleScript interface, this opening is done as a search.

### Types ###

The following new types are defined:

* **Evernote Notebook** - A notebook in Evernote.
* **Evernote Note** - A note in Evernote.

